NEW Title tips for form fields (#10029)
silverstripe/silverstripe-framework: docs/en/04_Changelogs/4.9.0.md

# 4.9.0 (Unreleased)

## Overview

- [Features and enhancements](#features-and-enhancements)
    - [Image lazy loading](#image-lazy-loading)
    - [Other new features](#other-features)
- [Bugfixes](#bugfixes)

## Features and enhancements {#features-and-enhancements}

> ### Image lazy loading {#image-lazy-loading}

Reviewer: We need a paragraph our two here to explain what lazy loading is, what the benefits are and to link off to relevant Google doc.

We should probably mentioned that this was a partnership with Google as well.

> Most images will now get the loading="lazy" attribute added to them.  This includes images added via the WYSIWYG insert 
> media button as well as image DataObjects added to templates.  Image HTML tags (`&lt;img&gt;`) added in templates will not
> be lazy loaded by default

Reviewer: I'm pretty sure MD is smart enough to know that `<` and `>` symbols in code blocks should be escaped. Otherwise we would have broken bits of HTML throughout our doc.

```suggestion
Most images will now get the `loading="lazy"` attribute added to them.  This includes:
- images added via the HTML Editor's ***insert media*** button
- image DataObjects added to templates.  

`<img>` HTML tags added in templates will not be lazy loaded by default.
```

Author: Updated

To disable lazy loading for an individual image in a template use `$MyImage.LazyLoad(false)`.

To out of lazy loading globally, notably if you already have a custom lazy loading implementation, use the following yml config:

```yml
SilverStripe\Assets\Image:
  lazy_loading_enabled: false
```

> CMS authors can disable lazy loading on images added via the WYSIWYG editor in the "Edit image" panel by setting the new 

Reviewer: I think we should have a dedicated sub header for content authors. 

Presumably, we'll have some user help about this. This would be a good place to link off to it.

Author: Added

"Loading" field to "Eager".

> Developers who have customised the "Edit image" panel should note the `Editor.Placement.Dimensions` field has been moved to

Reviewer: We should have a dedicated "How to upgrade" section that lists all the gotchas and link off to the relevant doc page.

Author: > to the relevant doc page.

I think that's this page :-)

Have added an 'Upgrade notes' heading

Author: Have refactored out the nested FormGroup, so have removed this bit

`Editor.Placement.DimensionsLoading.Dimensions`

> ### Other new features

Author: This feature doesn't have a big spiel about it, I just copied what we did in 4.8.0 https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-framework/blob/4/docs/en/04_Changelogs/4.8.0.md#other-new-features-other-features
